README.md, before:

# My PhD Thesis

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/Muxelmann/phd-thesis.svg?token=7cNEpzpigEcqdnzKv74q&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/Muxelmann/phd-thesis)

## Preview

![](https://github.com/Muxelmann/phd-thesis/raw/master/README/cover.png)

## Progress overview

The thesis is **done**! Chapters 1 through 6 have been reviewed by my supervisors Ben and William. Although the conclusion has not yet been reviewed, I feel confident that it's ok.

The next step, before submission, is to proofread the current copy and then send the final draft to Ben and William for one last check.

## Structure & Progress

### Main Chapters

1. [x] Abstract
- [x] Declaration
- [x] Acknowledgements
- [x] Table of Contents
- [x] Table of Figures
- [x] Abbreviations & Nomenclature
- [x] `Ch 1` Introduction
- [x] `Ch 2` Literature Review of Storage Control
- [x] `Ch 3` Improving network performance by adjusting battery operation at sub-half-hourly resolution
- [x] `Ch 4` Real-Time Adjustment of Battery Operation using MPC Guided Schedule Deviation
- [x] `Ch 5` Effects of Control Instruction Desynchronisation in a Distributed MAS of Smart-Charging Batteries
- [x] `Ch 6` Cooperative Operation of Distributed Batteries without Communications Infrastructure Needs
- [x] `Ch 7` Conclusion
- [x] Bibliography

### Appendices

- [x] A1 : Additional results
- [x] A2 : Multi-agent system information
- [ ] A4 : OpenDSS interface (optional)

Commit message:

First post-viva commit
I passed the viva and have minor corrections to do.

README.md, after:

# My PhD Thesis

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/Muxelmann/phd-thesis.svg?token=7cNEpzpigEcqdnzKv74q&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/Muxelmann/phd-thesis)

## Preview

![](https://github.com/Muxelmann/phd-thesis/raw/master/README/cover.png)

## Progress overview

The thesis is **done**! Chapters 1 through 6 have been reviewed by my supervisors Ben and William. Although the conclusion has not yet been reviewed, I feel confident that it's ok.

The viva is over and I passed with **minor corrections**. Now These corrections need to be applied according to the documents in the [`README/post-viva`](https://github.com/Muxelmann/phd-thesis/tree/master/README/post-viva) directory. My plan is to finish all corrections by the 22nd of June 2018, to still graduate in July 2018.

## Correction progress

1. Received corrections - `24 April 2018`
    - Identify scope of added discussions and corrections
    - Prepare response to internal examiner with intended changes
    - Assure scope will satisfy examiner **before** applying corrections

## Thesis structure

### Main Chapters

1. Abstract
- Declaration
- Acknowledgements
- Table of Contents
- Table of Figures
- Abbreviations & Nomenclature
- `Ch 1` Introduction
- `Ch 2` Literature Review of Storage Control
- `Ch 3` Improving network performance by adjusting battery operation at sub-half-hourly resolution
- `Ch 4` Real-Time Adjustment of Battery Operation using MPC Guided Schedule Deviation
- `Ch 5` Effects of Control Instruction Desynchronisation in a Distributed MAS of Smart-Charging Batteries
- `Ch 6` Cooperative Operation of Distributed Batteries without Communications Infrastructure Needs
- `Ch 7` Conclusion
- Bibliography

### Appendices

- A1 : Additional results
- A2 : Multi-agent system information
- A3 : OpenDSS interface (optional - *not written*)
